hello this is giggle from Germany again
and today I'm going to present you my
latest new toy this is a so-called kala
ukulele it looks like like a real
ukulele from Hawaii and it got very fat
rubber strings and a small piezo pickup
in it so you need to have a small
amplifier to play this instrument
because having this small body it will
not be loud enough in the context
without an amplifier but with the
amplifier got quite and quite an amazing
sound listen to this so very fat for
this small instrument very useful for
all kind of Latin stuff reminds me
sometimes of the ampeg baby bass or even
jazz you can play with it interesting
toy and today I'm going to present you
two variations of playing flamenco bass
which is very close to the Latin bass
Tunes which we know from Latin America
but the origin is mostly from Spain so
today we go to Spain I wrote a small
from Anka tune for you to check out two
variations and here we go